Update tenant-management-tenants.md (#12514)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/solutions/tenant-management-tenants.md

- Add a new tenant.
- Add new products to a tenant with an initial number of licenses.

> - Change the set of licenses for a product in a tenant to adjust for changing staff requirements.For more information, check [How to purchase license?](/microsoft-365/commerce/licenses/buy-licenses)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the set of licenses for a product in a tenant to adjust for changing staff requirements. For more information, see [Buy or remove Microsoft 365 licenses for a subscription](/microsoft-365/commerce/licenses/buy-licenses).
```
